# BOOT MAKER

# DEP 
sudo apt-get install policykit-1-gnome

popen() is a great function for fetching data generated by another program.


# Functionality

- Select a device & umount it
- Select an ISO
- Click on Create
- Cancel 
- Format
- 

IMPORATANT NOTE: The popen function opens a pipe for reading or writing to a process and returns a stream that you can use to read or write data to that process. However, it's a blocking operation, meaning it won't return until the child process (in this case, the shred command) has completed its execution.

In your case, it seems that the shred command might be taking a significant amount of time to complete, and your application is waiting for it to finish before proceeding with reading and printing the output. This could be why you are not seeing immediate results.

To address this, you might want to consider an asynchronous approach. One way to achieve this is by using threads. You already have a thread set up for running the shred command asynchronously, so you can take advantage of this to avoid blocking the main thread. However, note that the popen call itself will still be blocking.

If you want to read the output of the shred command in real-time, you might need to consider more advanced techniques, such as creating a separate thread to continuously read from the pipe while the command is running.

This example still uses threads, but the fgets loop is now in a separate thread, allowing your main application to continue without waiting for the shred command to finish completely. Note that proper thread synchronization mechanisms (mutexes, etc.) should be considered if you plan to access shared data between threads.
